yeah all right 2 one two all night hell Satan
toxin on the Arrow all the dreams washing the feet with cloth underwear
pedling your spun on Wheels counter toxins with Healing Waters welcome to
the slaughter hell Satan we're selling the books of Lies pedling the love drugs
with the kids after dark at the park in a vampiric form gangster G and the
prostitutes on adrenic Chrome blood of the children the language tree original
sources Jesus asked he don't scandalize them the vatican's poster boy main
business was child sex trafficking books written by Moors praise pedophiles Jesus
Christ the apostles were a bunch of abused children the Prince of Darkness willing cup full of violet vagina
juice to you by Teddy base oh God I am
so head over heels over this sound oh God I just want to play it all the time
welcome to Lady Babylon I am so glad to have you back in the workshop tonight
I've got some stuff to bring you that's fantastic but I want you to be seated on
that Throne I want you listen I had an interview this
morning it was yummy but nothing nothing
is as yummy as satanic congregation and I say that to you I look at you sitting
there standing there I see you and it makes me feel at home it
makes me feel at home thank you so much much thank you so much for being
involved and I'm going to let you speak tonight from the gallery love it bye
look we got some serious stuff to discuss tonight now there I do have an interview coming up with a guy named
Mark at my family thinks I'm crazy fantastic so as soon as that comes on
I'll let you know I'll let you know I'm giving it to them people I'm giving it to them
and they love it they love it it's so wow you know what I'm here to do by the
way shout out shout out to Mark tonight who's going to be in our presence
welcome to the satanic congregation people welcome this is fantastic hail
Satan hail Satan let's do this thing what do I have for you tonight what we're gonna do is the dirty dirty stuff
you're always asking me for you're always coming to me com invading my
brain we're going to take that little bit that little
Wrinkle In Space time we're gonna just gently gently don't overdo this just
gently we're gonna pull it to the side we're gonna look we're gonna see we're
gonna gaze right through that little
fold in reality boom to see through the Event Horizon that's where we're going
this is fantastic democracy democracy I heard someone this
week in some popular YouTube
bananza it was an interview a debate and the people were
debating and this one Gent
gent this one gentleman said
Christianity created democracy
Christianity is responsible for democracy Now turn your scientific
clocks 180 degrees because Christianity has
historically been the degrading force of
democracy it is like an antidote to a
Venom when you Embrace tyranny and become the servant of the
Savior you kill the drive of democracy I don't want
want to give you any ideas I don't want to do that I'm not
going to talk about Christianity tonight I will because you know me but our focus
is on what was the what did democracy really come from because there are many of you out there who may buy in to this
educational approach to warping reality and think that Christianity was someh
somehow involved in the birth of democracy no no no no just the
opposite just the opposite yes okay what about the actual
birth let's go to her tonight let's go to her do we have chewy do we have um a
depiction of uh what our AI powers that
be what they project this show me the girl yes yes show me who is this person
who is this person give me another one please who is she she looks
young she does she does it is she who
produced democracy that's who I'm G to I'm going to bring you tonight you um
and at the end by the way at the end have got a really a goodie a gym you're not going to find this anywhere else
this is a gym part of a secret name of the person that birthed
democracy are you ready this is centuries centuries before
Jesus right this is centuries before Yahoo was
invented we have the foundation and this belongs to us we don't care
what anybody else thinks do we we don't at the congregation of Satan do we
care what they think no we force feed them their own sources until they're fat
and Bloated and decaying and dead that's what we do fantastic let's go there I want to I
I want to use this on the you know the ghost that we have in the basement uh
we're going to have to call some up I want to call them up let's get to it bring us some sources before these
people get mad and storm out look this is the hymn to Athena it's the hym to
Athena who is that a who is that one who is
deathless this is she who brought us democracy let me show you how she did it
you may hear this Greek text being
sung before the sun is rising this is the cult of the
Savior if it's things start sounding familiar you guys know how it works
there you guys don't even put your seat bels on anymore I know that I know that I got to give you bigger and bigger
bumps and I've got a good one tonight but this it doesn't surprise you it doesn't shock you let's look at her who
is Athena she who brought us democracy by the way she's the mother of the
Arts the mother of the Arts oh God where does she go on those purple mountains
Majesty oh my God let me guess there are some fruited
Plains darn toot yeah yeah fantastic what are some of her
epithets I just want to take you in now I want to get the Greek to you I want slide it to you you know what I mean so
here we go this is yummy I'm not going to give no let's go chewy this has to be
finessed we can't do this by throwing them an entire page of GRE and all the Greek students are rushing rushing
rushing Rushing look where the underline okay good good excellent guys keep it up you Mongrel demons love it go palas
that's who she is and what does it mean in Greek the palace is the Shaker of the
spear the Shaker of the spear excuse me do we have Palace Athena on board is
anybody here I don't see her is she out there where is she Palace Athena calling
Palace Athena we're talking about horse cultures and the development of their
oysters right she rides horses she appeared a couple of times in Athens yes
she did she did they wrote about it they wrote the heck out of it
yeah 6 foot six always a head taller than everybody else the men that is
right let's see what kind of EP that'ss they use for she's the spear Shaker
she's the one that causes you fear isn't that sexy she causes you
fear love it go to the next one boom she's the
monogenes she's the monogenes wait a minute what does that
mean everybody scramble who's doing Greek it means the only born or the one
born these are unique births she was born from the head of
Zeus she was born from his head her mother was
mettis you know what metis is metis is what you need if you're going to
rule yeah yeah we don't have her anymore
right ever since we abandoned the gods and the RO and the Antiquity had to
create a term for the Christians called atheist we don't have her anymore but
here she is we resurrect her tonight she's coming back who said we couldn't back bring back the chorus shut up
Jesus oh does that ring in your ears like it does in mine can you hear that
too we're going to try that again let's see I love the live don't you guys love
the live because it's me and you hail Satan it's me and you love it let's go
what else is she are you um before the only born before we can go ahead with
more the only born do you know somebody who is the only born of course you
do gangster G is the only born JY blow that up so I can read it with my
eyes um yes
you see the Mon Mon Jesus is one of
these only borns did you think he was the first one
that title did you believe the fairy tale
pull down that Confederate flag it's not how it works oh my God I love it boy
Satan is masterful love this stuff oh
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ was that it scared me don't do that chewy I turned
back and I looked don't yeah don't if I know it's coming give it to me but that
gory stuff the Christians are into man it's a little bit much for me let's go
to the next one um that was the only begotten son yeah um what else is the
mother of democracy she is Phil inel and if you break that down it's a
lover of the enoic experience what is the enoic experience are you ready this
is the experience of God within she can possess you she can
possess you do we practice these states today do we do this today not like they
did in Antiquity no no we don't familiarize ourselves with physics the
enoic physics now some of you in the congregation I know from your deranged
email that I love yes and if I don't answer your email it's not because I don't want to
it's because I'm swamped you know and aging I need to exercise
more let's get back to it what was the next epithet chewy um this is what she
is what is the mother of democracy she is the
fasis for those of you who are are good
decent she is your [Music] fris okay what is
fris think of this it's a greatek concept we don't have it in English Okay
fris is particularly are you ready for this sharp edge it's the ability to make the
right decisions while governing
oh okay okay are you loving it are you loving it
she that girl with the horse and the poison [Music]
arrows the egis maker where's my goat the egis maker where's my goat bring my
goat oh give wait oh such fast it's too fuy it's like hyperdrive is too much
tonight A there's the goat look at it isn't it lovely you can hear the you can
hear the angels I bet when goats do this whatever she's doing I bet you can if
you had ears you could hear the angels right the
Watchers is anybody else a little creeped out by that they shouldn't call them Watchers
you know they should call them recorders of events or keepers of time right no no
they call them Watchers what the Watchers make of our goat the reason I
mention the goat is because this is the mother of democracy and everybody
knows that she nursed a king who was half human half
snake yeah and she nourished him with her own
ior her own
blood in communion she gave it to
him boy Yahoo would kill for Eve yeah he
would instead you know he just messed it up the party went wrong kicked everybody out oh God incompetence of all the
divinities through all time in this succession that is our Quantum
reality yeah what a terrible
job look at it getting done right look at the bins watch how it gets done look
at the Builders of the museum look at the Crafters of the stage
because these are all the Arts of Athena and you say wait a minute was there
another Divinity involved there I said the stage sh sh this is about Athena
tonight yeah okay what happens what happens give me another apathe charge me up I'm getting
so hot I'm hot on my brain I'm hot it's
Aros what is she isn't this beautiful it's describing her she's
Aros ineffable we are unable to
communicate her in you can't
but then what do the singers of the hymn say right after that they say that she
is the song she is the communicated song that
can't be told the story that can't be told the
song that can't be sung oh God purple mountains Majesty you
know that's where she is that's where she is do you begin to see why why the founding fathers created monuments that
looks like somebody imported them from Greece notice the attention to
detail with Athens and democracy
right America was a colony of
Athens America is under assault do you know
what the evangelicals if you will let me take an aside come here evangelicals I
know there's lots of dead ones do you know what they say right now
in their meetings listen can you hear them can you hear there if you can pay to get in by the way I'm still not
monetized I could be but I refuse do right so we're always going to have this
commercialist Enterprise that we've got going I love it it I love it and thanks
by the way to the artists who are sending their stuff in the vid's some people are watching these vid's I
feature prominently and one called pharmacon that I'm quite pleased with oh
God is it sexy I love these things a cult examiner yeah fantastic does anybody get
paid nope no no these contributions are contributions because it's
right yeah I thought you built churches on money you do it's not a
church yeah we got a grotto we got a little cave of pan I can't see you but I
know you're there I know you're there thank you everybody for coming thank you
everybody for coming I feel like I can reach into your living rooms or your cars wherever you are some people listen
to me at work right those Brits that are listening to me at work oh you see those
morons you see them ignore them ignore them do your job
do your job find your way oh God I feel like I can reach out to you hail Satan
this is this is fantastic yeah I didn't want to intimidate you that way but I'm
starting to fall for you yeah the satanic congregation chewy I'm serious
satanic congregation yeah this is the place and I want to
have question and answer by the way at the end so that we can talk oh look at this we have comment beautiful beautiful
shall we can let's see what that was again I never learned so much so fast about Athena thank you that's nice
that's nice hail Satan love it that's a beautiful thing to say yeah right back
at you let's go to it into the void chewy boom
what else is she surprise surprise what is the mother of democracy she is f
oysters yeah she is a lover of the Mania
a lover of the Mania I thought this is the mother virgin nope nope as a matter
of fact all this hymn that were listening to that we can hear coming to us at Sunrise all that we can hear is about
this person who is both masculine and feminine wait wait wait I knew it the
Medusa why why is the
Gorgon bearded they're
women do you know what they call aana the they call her I'm giving you the
Dork by the way a if you want um aana
because that's the older version and that's what we're hearkening back to um sheep avoids the
bed there's no Union that takes
place right her offspring are derived directly from the
seed oh my God what are these people doing first of all we know they're on
drugs right obviously it's how you get the Medusa oh
God love it what else is she you know besides the fact she loves the Mania you didn't know the mother democracy loves
Mania did you um she actually performs this is a verb in Greek
oy she and you can see it's just the oyas in a verbal form she oyer sizes she
causes people to enter into and it says the tool that she uses is
man use the insanity do you know how how to
spot when Athena is working you'll find those who are cooy
those who are evil you'll find their minds are possessed with an insanity and that
comes from her oh wow wow what kind of insanity it's a
raging it's a raging it's an Insurrection it's a
Revolt this is why you need
fasis yeah wake up says
aana yeah love it love it oh God I love it go to the next one what's your next
epet she is the one one who slays the Gorgon you mean that goat thing and the
bringing of The Shield yeah right the egis with the head of Medusa did you
know that was her operation to reap that head that turns everything to Stone yeah
it was oh we're talking about somebody bigger here aren't we I mean I'm starting to smell C and stuff going on
right welcome to the Venom you remember in the 3 century when the septu
agent is being written that is what the Christians call the Old Testament what
the Jews who were religious called the Torah right um that thing that's being
written in Greek in the 3 Century talking about Moses holding up
the serpent in the oracular right where he as healer is bringing them the voice
of God right that is a reconstruction an
appropriation shameful an appropriation of the Greek
mystery right oh god let's keep going I love this just Madness send us the
madness right Lady Liberty will send us the madness what else does it call
Athena now this one's a surprise for everyone because a lot of you study this stuff and you know who Athena is or you
think you do you've read a lot of myth books don't stop reading the myth books right
stop stop just read the sources and when they start talking about these things
then you look at them fantastic what is she she's dra dra by by the way that's saving you
all time the people who are doing research on this it's saving you time go directly to the primary sources don't
ni yeah we got to be tight people you know if we're gonna hand it to them you
know if we're going to take that head of Yahoo and hand it to the world we got to
do it right we got to be tight our ranks have to be good and I'm very pleased
everything everything by the way nice okay let's go to the next text I want to
give you a couple of texts now yep that's good I want to give you a couple of text this is the opening this is the
opening oh god of the humanties are you ready let me set the stage for you the
furies the furies are doing thing punishing arrestes for having killed his
mother and they're chasing him where where can he go they have a right
to him they have a right to his life what do they do they make him nuts you cannot kill your mother and not be
nuts yeah believe it or not yeah it's the How the Universe Works despite what
the atheists of antiquity will tell you yeah there are powers there are Dion
here tonight we have the furies and when I say the furies the ues oh my God I just want I just want
you to relish for a minute in the idea of these women these are the women who
punish foral crimes these are the women who
hold that high standard of Nemesis you know the the one thing Nemesis hates Above All
Else a child that disrespects it's
parent isn't that amazing imagine a law based not on Thou shalt not be talk
making my image Thou shalt not be making my image bro I got it I got it stamped
I'm making a percentage on that right um we're not talking like that kind of
divinity we're talking about a Divinity preceding that one that is this mother
Divinity and she has Justice in her a
AA is the one who brought us Justice you
cannot have democracy without
Justice once you say no to Justice you lose it that's it it's up for grabs yep
it's just a seed of power now and you are servants to a
tyrant but Athena for first establishes Justice the
arenes tracking arrestes and he comes to
Guess Who Athena Apollo is his attorney because he's the one through the Oracle
who told him to do this do you see what the diones can do
do you see those powers and who do they choose to be the judge to be the one who
breaks any tithe in the vote wait you mean their
vote where do you think do you think it was a bunch of monks who figured out
democracy seriously do you think it was let's say nuns and monks figured out
democra do you think that they're going to perpetuate a system like that no
because the fris is not with the individual in the Christian faith the
fris is meaningless the faith is everything right follow follow you know
what follows slaves that's the speech the devil gave
that took a third of them and turned them and when they were like yeah Yahoo
can stalk himself yeah yeah imagine that imagine
that power to be able to free you of that fear you know what demons
are they're Angels who are unafraid yeah their eyes have been
opened which is exactly what Yahoo doesn't want he doesn't want you to have
that opened reality he doesn't want you to have that
fruit right you got it oh God I love it I love it we had a little fruit tonight let's
let's go to the okay I'm going to read this passage to you blow it up to you I just want to translate it for you yeah
so first she says this is the pythia you see the top
this is this is one of the girls that Paul was chasing around you know Paul the Apostle did somebody flate Us in
here smells like Paul has been here junkie why can't you ever take a shower
man
oh God pro that's the first
Oracle promantis who's the promantis Gia and
this Priestess is praying to her this is gorgeous she says the second
I'm going to pray in honor of the second and who is the second to sit in that place who's the second themus themus and
you sit there leave it up and you sit there and you say themus who is themus oh God this is so sexy are you ready you
ready this is law this is custom this is she who is the custom she
is in charge of that Oracle if you don't put her in that position you get tyranny
that's the way it works okay let's do it do the metaphysics somebody calculate it
WR punch it up on the mag calculator go um no here I want to keep translating
and who's the third who's the third the third was a willing switch she wants you
to know by the way these are switches between mother and daughter right and the third is a willing one there's
nothing that's forced right it's apulo who kills the
python right this is pre apollonian Oracle this is old this is Earth Oracle
this is all of your black sea magic this
is those priestesses of the great Huntress hunting people down these are
bachans who are eating flesh and drinking human blood why would you do
this oh if you have not tried it the mental health of your community
depends on it I don't care if you believe that not oh love it keep go to
the go to the next one I mean to that very same one and who else there's another finally who's the third it's the
Titania right who is she um Phoebe Phoebe oh God and what what does
she do she gave it as a gift to Feebas and he gets his name from her you mean
feeis Apollo you you're right man you're right you got it right on the head right
this is who we're in the presence of in order to establish
justice now if you wondered why it was a big deal to establish
justice there are lots of medieval courts but there was no justice right when you burn people alive
for having ideas that are not your own that's exactly what Julie and the AP
State warned us what happen uhhuh you know they'll burn books right you know
they'll get rid of stuff and they'll rewrite the history right now imagine this is where democracy is coming from
and yet you are being bombarded with the message that
Christianity produces democracy because that's what they're going to do forcefully for us right
they're going to take ours away and they're going to produce their own and this hellacious Beast will eat us all
but the one thing the Christians are not telling you I almost got to this before the one thing the Christians are not
telling you in their kitchens right now um they're saying
America isn't a part of Prophecy it's for some reason they have you know they
like to divide up plac and say this is so and so and this is so and so and this is so and so right they didn't even know how to read those texts but they do that
and um one of the things they say is America's not America is not in the final days when the glory of Jesus
Christ returns to fail the horse with the blood up to the shoulder
blades um why why will they tell you America's not there America gets knocked
out seriously so the people are planning
right now for America to get knocked out who do you think keeps telling you to
invest in bullets and bullets and dried [Laughter]
Goods yeah it's coming people it's such a special year this year is so hot oh
God the events the events makes me I smell it you could
smell it when Rome burned too and they were like those those
they're they're they're just determined to bring to reality their prophecies
they're just determined to and if their prophecies say they're going to burn down Rome they're going to burn down
Rome their allegiance is not is not to that
fris that somehow those racist slave owning
Knuckleheads um manag to come up with we don't need to idolize them we don't but
somehow some of them captured some kind of glimmer of some of a reflection from
Antiquity from a woman named Athena and that
drove the freedom that you and I ultimately inherited that we're holding on to it
drove that Thomas Jefferson said and people said don't get political I'm not
I'm being an American and I can tell you that Thomas Jefferson said straight up
the greatest threat to the fledgling American democracy is the
Protestant movement yeah known as the Presbyterians at the time that's who it
was you say evangelicals now you can say whatever you want those people who are trying to re
write your history right now just like they did in the 4th Century they're doing the same thing again and if you
don't honor Athena our ancestors they're not going to let us
frakin get anywhere near them do you think that's honor my God
don't tell about Poli you know what you can do you can take this Greek and you can shove it where the sun don't sh
politicos is a Greek word used by the people who worshiped
Athena yeah long live long live Athena let's keep going there's a there's a
couple little lessons here that are just I want to just iron it iron it all out I know I'm taking people's a lot of time
it's already 45 minutes people are like right I'm hungry I need something to eat
um look at this get out of here he says this is Apollo he says get out of here he's trying to get the fury Ares to go
get out of here leave my holy Shrine right before I do what before I
unleash my feathered serpent from my golden stringed
bow oh are you kidding me did he just threaten when I think he threatened oh
yeah he's gonna get he's gonna get Mantic on us and anthropologically keep
it in context of what they're doing that boat technology it's driving all of the
poisons right they want to find the best poisons as hunters and as well a lot of
them are let's just admit it they're kind of like Pirates you know they come into your city they give you a hard time
they steal 12 of your virgins and take them off up into the hills next thing
you know they're bringing back babies and throwing them we don't want the boys and their leader is called a
Strangler oh God wouldn't you like wait a minute my mind just went there I saw her can
you imagine this it's the Bronze Age and there are gangs of very powerful
technologically advanced women who can come into your city turn
it upside down take anything of value and haul off some of your virgins
they're so good that they just have to approach the city and say oh you ready to pay up
right and they are interested in the Oyster
Mania they're the ones whove developed technologically that ability to be able
to cross into death and to resurrect back that lifechanging thing they
develop that burning off the mortality those are all their little good goodies
and that stuff is spreading across the Mediterranean imagine being around then
oh God give it to me again give it to me again shwy give me the next one yeah
yeah yeah yeah um yeah so look he says get out of here and he says look this is
not your type of place where your punishment is used and what how do the
rues punish these women by the way they're getting sexier and sexier the more we go um I'm sorry but that's just
my opinion um I'm being honest what are they used to the furies how do they
punish these older diones that publish crimes against
family members these women
um um it says right
here oh my godu is when you dig out somebody's
eyeball you ever dig out somebody's eyeball are doing this right digging out eyeballs it's not pleasant edus does it
himself right lot you know you got to appreciate
the the the power of that but what else are they they're into the Slaughters of
Justice wait what yeah the just
Slaughter okay just laau okay um I guess if you really you know um if you murder
a family member you know um I'm just saying for
their sakes and what else uhoh did somebody see the word Speedos I told you
this was going to all be related what else do the ues oversee they oversee
taking the veril of the child wait what huh they oversee taking
the veril of the child child along with these punishments within the earliest
form of Western governance is an element of
Justice woven into the Bronze Age Fabric and what is that Justice directly
involved with making
Unix it's the kingdom of heaven and they're making Unix some Unix says Jesus are made Unix
for the kingdom of heaven interesting that's what these
women are yep and who stands between us and Them
Athena Athena does what does Athena do let's see the next text you're gonna
love this boom um before we get to what Athena does this is heraa I just want to
give you a sac name of Hera TOA is Her Sacred name what is Hera everybody knows
Hera is the most beautiful everybody knows they know that she is that
guardian of that Union she's what she's guardian of the
Union the guardian of the bed okay okay she's also what TOA she
who was the one who accomp ises the right she is the completion of the right
because you see the right has something to do with a marriage if you're GNA be a
Christ you got to talk about your bride you got no Christ you got no
bride all right you got a Christ there's a bride somewhere this is ancient mystery
religion heraa is that protective
Dion that protective Dion Athena is just enforcing that what does she do she is
the transition to what you and I call Justice the murderer is brought to her
and she casts the deciding vote and her vote is to
quit yeah and what does that enable us to do you can have a city then you can
have a civilization that can advance if you don't have Justice you will not
Advance you will deteriorate you will degrade fantastic love it go to the next
one boom I didn't mean to get preachy there um what are these Furies wearing by the way I want people to see this
look at this first word fto does anybody hear the word Baptist in in there right they can't read this
Seminary I'm sorry I don't mean to beat up it's terrible it's terrible but I can
do that with you here if we I just imagine us in some kind of
dive with people serving drinks that do things to you you know what I mean oh
God I love it don't get the glasses shape
funny let's get to it what is he talking about I'm talking about what they're
dressing in what are they dressing here fical bapto they are the ones who are
dying the purple you mean Baptist originally means the dire's guild yep
yeah it does get used to it right Mary's fingers are purple we understand these
the the priestesses the M usai under
Athena who are performing via the
purple via the purple you mean they have to have the purple for the temple practice yes yes of course they do I'm
sorry you didn't see it the version of history that you saw was Disney I'm sorry but there it is keep
going this is what they're wearing let's love oh love that who is that chewy
oh is that media fantastic I love that oh I love that expression let's go to
the next one look at this horos horos what does the chorus of Fury say m look
at the Dorian you guys relish this in Greek relish the Dorian and how it sounds different from the attic
m m oh m
m h M NS wait what they are a dressing night
with a capital N okay we just set ourselves right
remember remember that night is that Oracle right the arenes are serving the
Oracle the furies that are casting your present that are weaving your present
because the future as the grace told us but we all ignored is not
achievable that's what defines the future that's what is the future it's that which will never come to
pass in the now is the weaving of your fate it's where the sisters have power
go back to that text please and what do they say mother right they're crying out to
Nicks right hear us why are they crying out because they've been wronged let
them all whether they're blind or whether they're seers let them all know
give us the next one over the
sacrifice this is our song do you know what their song is the
song of the arenes are you ready when you hear this remember after the
trial um we only achieved Justice because Athena was able to take the ues
and permanently establish them as divinities in Athens huh permanently established them
isn't that nice if you will
recognize their Justice here c will flourish she
understood that and that offer was enough to appease them because of course
what God does not want to be recognized yeah love it let's go to the
next one well we're burning it up we're almost done people we're almost out this is the coming around the bin um so on
this this is her song what what did they say their song is their song is paropa it's Insanity it's frenzy it's
paror you know paror that's when you're taken out of your mind it's
frenes it is destructive of the
FR Oh you mean in order to be healed you have to be destroyed lius will tell you that yeah
right that invisible one shh it's not we're not talking about him wait this is the hymn of the ues says the text it is
the Desmos fenon it is that which binds your frin your midriff your gut from
which you think your thinking feeling gut it binds
it oh God not to any music either it's a
shout to Mortals get the next one can you hear it can you hear the shout if
you can um we know that Mars is coming
fantastic oh oh love it love it love it so are these are these humans ever going
to find their way are they going to find that beautiful speech yeah let me tell you something
says Athena I'm translating from these fearful women from their faces do you
know what she says there is something great there is a great advantage to you
citizens from their faces yeah and and tell us keep going if she
says if you will be well-minded
you will honor them always and establish a
city that follows Justice that's how you
practice from that from the EST establishment of those
courts from the establishment of that Cult of Justice you mean Court was
originally a cult yeah yeah it didn't they didn't build a zigurat next to it
build the courthouse the secular Courthouse they didn't do that you what
about on the other side what about maybe there's some no no it's
temples temples to Justice if you don't consider Justice holy and this is the
question this is the present of the future and the past brought together if
you don't hold Justice in regard if you excuse it when Justice is
overlooked you will lose your democracy when you stop looking into the faces of
those demons that punish the blood of murder if you
stop you're in a bad place you're in a bad place you're going to lose it I've got one more passage for you tonight and
then one word that's the treat it's the it's the treit that you've been I've been tempting you with Until the End um
orestes what's he say um this is at the end of his trial he says oh Palace he
uses her he uses her title right spear Shaker I love that
um what is what does he saying here oh Palace oh the one who is the savior of
my home you have restored me
to this paternal place oh my
God what's what's at the um second to bottom ATI
the things brought about that you have been witnessing they have been brought about by Palace by
loius and a third savior look at that last
word soos a third savior
sh we are sitting in a theater we are sitting in a
theater that's where our date was tonight I should have told you that at the beginning begin we're sitting in a
theater there is an invisible God here who told us wherever you're gathered
together I'm right there I'm right there in your midst and he was the
Savior Athena brought justice justice brought
democracy democracy brought bacas into the
theater I've got a special word for you tonight a special word I want you to see
it let's get oh that was a nice one that's okay what who is that okay um
something's going on did you get all the Athena um representations tonight we did
those the best that we could right it's fun wrestling with the AI is fun I really appreciate apprciate that now I
want to end off with I want to give you a little um I want to give you a word to
take home I want this to permeate your brains as if you were a special group of
people um tonight on this date I wanted to end with a gift to show you how
special I consider our time together and the fact that you are as responsive as
you and I'm going to take your questions in just a minute but I want to give you
something this is a name this was the name the epithet that Athena received
nobody's gonna know this stuff you guys are special I'm giving it to
you it was a name that was given to her by
Aries just as Hera gave the same name to Aphrodite are you
ready for this are you ready for this kunam
kunam kunam oh isn't that nice what is kunam
who better question who is kunam yeah she is the dog fly the
bites she is the EMP pus she is that
drive that causes the bed to come into
Jeopardy as Aphrodite she is the goddess who brings
that fris to war she will outdo you every time every
time we had a passage I think we skipped it but we had a passage earlier about producing the black
foam we'll come back to it next time we had a passage about producing it what do
they do what do these sisters do who carry the purple what do they do they
produce a spoon an afron they produce this substance that
is darkened with the purple oh I want to bring you that the
only way to get to it is through her she who is the
kuna she who is that impulse if you passively take
Insurrection it it will overthrow you there is an impulse and an impetus
that Athena possessed that kept that Justice and that
force in obeyence yeah
balanced brilliant mother of the mother of all
Arts um thank you for coming tonight thank you for for giving me your time I
want to give you some reaction now if anybody has any questions um and you
know just um just we'll pick anything that strikes our fancy um I would just
want to be able to feel kind of reverberate off you how's everybody all out there doing yeah yeah po great
Clement of Alexandria what kind of brilliant nerdy thing is that somebody's
quoting him that's fantastic um oh my God hell sat hell Satan right hell Satan
wait okay wait um I'll tell you they keep going down here somebody somebody
out there sitting there give me some feedback do you like Athena how do you
like Athena wild yeah wild wild um Carl be
careful there's people shh no don't that's okay by the way for the
people who are guarding the channel and who are helping to keep it from turning
into some kind of you know it's chaos mess oh thank you I appreciate your
you're going for it hell Satan Ry Ryan that was beautiful thanks Doc oh look at that who said that that's oh stoic I
like stoics I do I do I love stoic cica man you got to read the media did you
read the media you want to learn stoic philosophy read the media baby oh God
it's so sexy he's got actual incantations how dides cica get those
he's got access to to the trus and stuff that's in the Imperial libraries oh God
information right at the top love it um love the strong women people need to see
this reality yeah yeah Boston make it happen Boston people do need to see it
they need to see it they need to see everything down to down to the details
just down to everything stuff that will certainly get you thrown out of any
Victorian Circle yes love it love it let's keep going let doesn't Athena
spring forth from the head of Zeus it seems like political action and either direction will ultimately be funnel and
guided by her how else will the head be split will the head be split yeah
remember you know that's a good who was that it's vo okay Vox thank you very much that's
voice um thank you very much he Festus right don't you want to
swing that axe how do you get Athena you gotta crack you gotta crack Jehovah's
head open isn't that amazing is that what we need to do we need to CRA who is
gonna look this is satanic initiation you know um this is satanic
apocalypse um certainly we have to have a commission somewhere somebody look it
up one of our lawyers check the paperwork um shouldn't we have the obligation of killing God isn't that
isn't that something we should be doing well one way that I've seen is super cool is by splitting open his head
splitting open his head who takes the egis Athena does right that's supposed
to be Zeus's yeah yeah but Athena takes it oh
God is is she getting more more and more just desirable I love this I love this
um that splitting open of the head by the way splitting open the head you know that means something right so H let's
just let's just all swim in the quantum physics of that yeah right good plon
right good keep going wait let me um yeah no no
wait Carl the idea that you are a wait the trolls is this trollery is wait is
there trollery okay um yeah okay to talk
oh look we don't yeah um imagine imagine go ahead and take it down since people
want to discuss and people are free here to discuss yeah um saw some misogyny the
other day now I don't know I don't know about you but as soon as somebody gets
misogynistic everything else they say becomes garbled I can't hear it it
becomes like kind of Barbarian if you know what I mean in the
Civilized World um the female
voice is that voice that gave us our institutions the great mother baby who
who does not worship the great mother right come on Athena's the virgin mother she's the
SOA before anybody else is she's giv that kid her own eor oh God wonderful
love it it's how I mean Olympus wouldn't be Olympus without it the cosmos the
organization it doesn't work unless she's there oh God you better hope that
she's here now you better hope she is oh let's go to the let me let me pick calm
down people calm down look at it look we got a mosh pit out there all right right one of the
people saying hail Mary hey good good somebody's playing a game don't let me
get it oh no oh no um let's give Carl a chance he
let him come back sexism he says sexism only women can do oh God do you
what have we done it's a hornets nest what can we have some order order
jury order um I love it look at you guys you're debating and yeah doing doing the
stuff I love it can we all I wish everybody was so excited about this am
and should debate Carl no Carl I'm I'm not or no
who said that said yeah oh Ault examiner no Ault
examiner I'm not here to debate Carl right I'm not here I'm I'm here to give
everybody in the satanic congregation the access to the text and I've already
done it right um Carl can say whatever Carl wants and thanks whatever he wants
right um remember from the beginning that we have welcomed I I love it Carl
send me something that tells me I'm going to hell or something I don't know um bring bring yourself to the place of
doing what you really want to do communication wise um this is a place it's an open forum for people to be able
right satanic congregation should be open you should be able to come here the only thing you cannot do here is say
Jack if you're saying Jack and trying to blow hot air
um you're in the wrong place right they don't serve that here this is syam mask
baby love it let's go back let's go back is that are we good okay let's go chewy
says Hey flight's over um thank you very much for coming tonight I'm gonna play
um Teddy base again on this exit and I
want you to love it I want you to love it thank you for coming tonight hail Satan
[Music]
you can see the function of the mystery it's in the oil from media the
Sorceress all drugs are always purple take a trip a cave in the desert you'll
take care of it by the command of my voice pull out the dope Punk Funk with
the tippy top I can get you all the Water of Life you'll be